Concepts: narration tidy + define/literal gloss markup + authoring guide (#987)
jiki-education/front-end: curriculum/src/concepts/logical-not/source.md

}
```

But there's a neater way to do this, and that's to use the same exclamation mark or bang:

```javascript
movingRight = !movingRight
```

> That flips it. `!movingRight` means the opposite of whatever it is.

Author: ```suggestion
And that flips it. `!movingRight` means the opposite of whatever it was previously.
```
